Changes to the misc section of the DG + updating Ui (#141)
AY2324S1-CS2103-T16-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

**Value Proposition:** It provides university students with an intuitive and frictionless experience to have transparency on their expenditure to help them better understand their expenditure so they can develop better financial habits as they transition into adulthood.

{% include toc.html %}

## Terminology

| Term        | Meaning                                                                                           |
|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Transaction | Represents both an expense or an income. Expenses cause a net loss while incomes cause a net gain |

## Potential Features:

Potential features are split into two categories, must-haves and good-to-haves. Our focus this project was to flesh out the must-haves first.

### Must-haves

Every user can...

- Track and manage their expenses
- Manage a budget
- View their total expenditure by the month/year

### Good-to-haves

Every user can...

- Visualise their spending habits
- Divide a group spending and tag friends involved in the spending
- View a price list comparison of all available shops near NUS

> - Set recurring transactions

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to improve this segment. Do you think it'll be better if we add tick marks next to these "Must-haves" and "Good-to-haves" to indicate which of these have been implemented? Nothing wrong with the current bullet-points though! 😄

Author: I believe we have implemented all of the must-haves but only one of the good-to-haves. I'm not sure if having ticks will make them think we're missing features...

## Feature Development Tracking

Features were developed over two sprints, each sprint lasting two weeks.

### Milestone v1.2

#### Track Finances

[//]: # (TODO: Link to each DG/UG entry)

> - Add transactions
> - Delete transactions
> - Clear transactions
> - Edit transactions
> - Find transaction
> - Get total expenditure

Reviewer: Minor grammatical fix

```suggestion
- Add transaction
- Delete transaction
- Clear transactions
- Edit transaction
- Find transactions
- Get total expenditure
```

Reviewer 2: Would be better if _Clear transactions_ was changed to _Clear all transactions_, and _Find transaction_ to _Find transaction(s)_.

#### Others

- Support file storage of transactions
- Remove all dependencies to original AB3
- Clean up package structure

[//]: # (TODO: Maybe don't need to talk about this since it's part of "add transaction" now and Lip Wei can elaborate on this separately)

#### Categorize Finances

This feature serves as an extension to adding a transaction as categories provide finer details about a transaction.

> - Add tags – provide category of transaction
> - Edit tags - change category of transaction
> - Remove tags - delete category of transaction

Reviewer 2: I agree with this! It should be edited for more clarity.

```suggestion
This feature serves as an extension to adding a transaction as categories provide finer details about a transaction. Using the `edit transaction` command, users can now:
- Add categories to a transaction
- Edit existing categories of a transaction
- Delete existing categories of a transaction
```

> - Remove tags - delete category of transaction

Author: But we don't directly edit/remove them right? Like everything is done through `add_transaction` or `edit_transaction`

That's why I'm unsure if we should categorise them

> - Remove tags - delete category of transaction

Author: Ah I just saw @jamz903 's suggestion, I'll incorporate that
